README.md, before:

![stability mature](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-stable-008000.svg)
[![latest tag](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/d3/tinymce-editor?label=release)](https://packagist.org/packages/d3/tinymce-editor)
[![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/packagist/l/d3/tinymce-editor)](https://github.com/d3datadevelopment/tinymce-editor/blob/main/LICENSE.md)

# TinyMCE WYSIWYG Editor for OXID eShop

This module integrates the [TinyMCE WYSIWYG editor](https://www.tiny.cloud/tinymce/) in the OXID shop backend.

## Usage

### Install

Module can be installed manually, by using composer:
```bash
$ composer require d3/tinymce-editor
$ vendor/bin/oe-console oe:module:install source/modules/o3-shop/tinymce-editor
```

After requiring the module, you need to activate it, either via OXID shop admin or CLI:

```bash
$ vendor/bin/oe-console oe:module:activate o3-tinymce-editor
```

## Contributing

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue. Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

- Fork the Project
- Create your Feature Branch (git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature)
- Commit your Changes (git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature')
- Push to the Branch (git push origin feature/AmazingFeature)
- Open a Pull Request

## License

GPLv3, see [LICENSE file](LICENSE).

## Credits

- O3-Shop.com
- the original module was created by Marat Bedoev, bestlife AG <oxid@bestlife.ag> and published under the GPL v3 licence

## Further licenses

### TinyMCE editor [GPL v2]
(https://github.com/tinymce/tinymce-dist - status: 2024-12-02)

```
TinyMCE – https://github.com/tinymce/tinymce Copyright (c) 2024, Ephox Corporation DBA Tiny Technologies, Inc.

Licensed under the terms of GNU General Public License Version 2 or later.
```

### Roxy file manager [GPL v3]
(status: 2023-04-07)

```
GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
Version 3, 29 June 2007

Copyright (C) 2007 Free Software Foundation, Inc. <http://fsf.org/>
Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies
of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.
```

### jQuery [MIT]
(https://github.com/jquery/jquery - status 2023-04-07)

```
MIT License

Copyright OpenJS Foundation and other contributors, https://openjsf.org/

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
```

### jQuery UI
(https://github.com/jquery/jquery-ui - status 2023-04-07)

```
Copyright OpenJS Foundation and other contributors, https://openjsf.org/

This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many
individuals. For exact contribution history, see the revision history
available at https://github.com/jquery/jquery-ui

The following license applies to all parts of this software except as
documented below:

====

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

====

Copyright and related rights for sample code are waived via CC0. Sample
code is defined as all source code contained within the demos directory.

CC0: http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/

====

All files located in the node_modules and external directories are
externally maintained libraries used by this software which have their
own licenses; we recommend you read them, as their terms may differ from
the terms above.
```

### jQuery date format [MIT]
(https://github.com/phstc/jquery-dateFormat - status 2023-04-07)

```
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2009 Pablo Cantero, http://pablocantero.com/

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
```

Commit message:

get TinyMCE editor files from composer package

README.md, after:

![stability mature](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-stable-008000.svg)
[![latest tag](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/d3/tinymce-editor?label=release)](https://packagist.org/packages/d3/tinymce-editor)
[![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/packagist/l/d3/tinymce-editor)](https://github.com/d3datadevelopment/tinymce-editor/blob/main/LICENSE.md)

# TinyMCE WYSIWYG Editor for OXID eShop

This module integrates the [TinyMCE WYSIWYG editor](https://www.tiny.cloud/tinymce/) in the OXID shop backend.

## Usage

### Install

Please enter the following section in the `composer.json` of your project:

```
  "extra": {
    "ajgl-symlinks": {
      "tinymce/tinymce": {
        ".": "source/out/modules/tinymce"
      }
    }
  }
```

Module can be installed manually, by using composer:

```bash
$ composer require d3/tinymce-editor
$ vendor/bin/oe-console oe:module:install source/modules/o3-shop/tinymce-editor
```

After requiring the module, you need to activate it, either via OXID shop admin or CLI:

```bash
$ vendor/bin/oe-console oe:module:activate o3-tinymce-editor
```

## Contributing

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue. Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

- Fork the Project
- Create your Feature Branch (git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature)
- Commit your Changes (git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature')
- Push to the Branch (git push origin feature/AmazingFeature)
- Open a Pull Request

## License

GPLv3, see [LICENSE file](LICENSE).

## Credits

- O3-Shop.com
- the original module was created by Marat Bedoev, bestlife AG <oxid@bestlife.ag> and published under the GPL v3 licence

## Further licenses

### Roxy file manager [GPL v3]
(status: 2023-04-07)

```
GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
Version 3, 29 June 2007

Copyright (C) 2007 Free Software Foundation, Inc. <http://fsf.org/>
Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies
of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.
```

### jQuery [MIT]
(https://github.com/jquery/jquery - status 2023-04-07)

```
MIT License

Copyright OpenJS Foundation and other contributors, https://openjsf.org/

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
```

### jQuery UI
(https://github.com/jquery/jquery-ui - status 2023-04-07)

```
Copyright OpenJS Foundation and other contributors, https://openjsf.org/

This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many
individuals. For exact contribution history, see the revision history
available at https://github.com/jquery/jquery-ui

The following license applies to all parts of this software except as
documented below:

====

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

====

Copyright and related rights for sample code are waived via CC0. Sample
code is defined as all source code contained within the demos directory.

CC0: http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/

====

All files located in the node_modules and external directories are
externally maintained libraries used by this software which have their
own licenses; we recommend you read them, as their terms may differ from
the terms above.
```

### jQuery date format [MIT]
(https://github.com/phstc/jquery-dateFormat - status 2023-04-07)

```
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2009 Pablo Cantero, http://pablocantero.com/

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
```
